ingress-inquisition/README.md, before:

# ingress-inquisition

## What is this thing?

ingress-inquisition is a tool that searces for violations of
[FSBP EC2.2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/ec2-controls.html#ec2-2),
which states that default security groups in VPCs should not have ingress or
egress rules. Old VPCs were usually configured this way by default, new VPCs
will not, so typically this will just clean up old VPCs with no ongoing work.

Once it's found security groups that are not compliant, it skips over any that
are associated with an Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to avoid breaking
things, and then deletes the offending rules.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    usage[Is the group in use?]
    block[Delete all security group rules]
    ruleBreak[Does the group break EC2.2?]
    break[Do nothing.]
    inUse[Yeah]

    ruleBreak --> Yes --> usage --> No --> block
    usage --> inUse --> break
    ruleBreak --> Nope --> break

```

There are a few extra features, controlled by flags, enumerated below.

## Command line options:

Bucket blocker takes the following flags:

- **profile**: _Required._ The profile to use when connecting to AWS.

- **region**: _Required._ The region where the bucket is located.

- **execute**: _Optional._ Takes no value. If present, it will ask the user to confirm, then delete the rules.

## Local development

While developing locally, you can test the application using the following
command from the ingress-inquisitor subdirectory, without needing to build the binary:

```bash
go run main.go -profile <PROFILE> -region <REGION> [OPTIONAL_FLAGS]
```

Commit message:

docs: update project READMEs to add clarity, and reflect that ing-inq is on brew

ingress-inquisition/README.md, after:

# ingress-inquisition

## What is this thing?

ingress-inquisition is a tool that searces for violations of
[FSBP EC2.2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/ec2-controls.html#ec2-2),
which states that default security groups in VPCs should not have ingress or
egress rules. Old VPCs were usually configured this way by default, new VPCs
will not, so typically this will just clean up old VPCs with no ongoing work.

Once it's found security groups that are not compliant, it skips over any that
are associated with an Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to avoid breaking
things, and then deletes the offending rules.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    usage[Is the group in use?]
    block[Delete all security group rules]
    ruleBreak[Does the group break EC2.2?]
    break[Do nothing.]
    inUse[Yeah]

    ruleBreak --> Yes --> usage --> No --> block
    usage --> inUse --> break
    ruleBreak --> Nope --> break

```

There are a few extra features, controlled by flags, enumerated below.

## Command line options:

ingress-inquisition takes the following flags:

- **profile**: _Required._ The profile to use when connecting to AWS.

- **region**: _Required._ The region you want to search in.

- **execute**: _Optional._ Takes no value. If present, it will ask the user to confirm, then delete the rules.

## Running the binary

This application is downloadable from brew. You'll need the guardian's brew tap
installed before you can install the application.

To do this all at once, run the following command:

```bash
brew tap guardian/homebrew-devtools && brew install ingress-inquisition
```

You can also download the binary directly from the Releases page on GitHub, or
build it from source.

## Local development

While developing locally, you can test the application using the following
command from the ingress-inquisitor subdirectory, without needing to build the binary:

```bash
go run main.go -profile <PROFILE> -region <REGION> [OPTIONAL_FLAGS]
```

## Releasing to brew

Creating a new release of the application on brew, is currently a manual
process. You will need to update the version, urls, and SHAs in
[this file](https://github.com/guardian/homebrew-devtools/blob/main/Formula/ingress-inquisition.rb)
in the homebrew-devtools repo. The SHAs are generated by running `shasum -a 256 <filename>` on the binary, or by checking the annotations on the release step in the GitHub Actions workflow.
